# CS-340-Dashboard-Project


- How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  Writing modular code is essential to developing programs that are effective and intuitive. To do this, I try to break down my code into small pieces, and test them one by one as I go, to ensure that each individual piece/section does what it needs to do. This makes it easier to maintain, as well as speeeding up the whole development process. I could also use this CRUD python module in the future if I decide to create any other dashboards similar to this that contain a MongoDB database. If I wanted to, I could just switch up some of the references in the code and make it work with any collection in any MongoDB database.

- How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  To approach a situation like this, I try to imagine myself as the user and think about how I would want the program to look and operate. For example, what type of font would look good for this page, or what's the best way to make it flow from screen to screen? How can I as a developer, make this program as simple and intuitive for the user as possible? This project differed from my others in the past because I had to actually think about how the UI looked. In the past, my projects usually didn't involve a seperate UI, as I was used to just operating within terminals and interactive notebooks, but with this I had to consider how the UI looked, as well as how I can piece together the different UI aspects to make it all look and run cohesively. In the future, if I work with databases like this again, I would probably do it a very similar with to what I did with this one. Make a modular/reusable python module than can perform CRUD commands, and then link that to the UI to make everything easy to maintain and update if needed.

- What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

  A computer scientist's main job is to solve problems and provide solutions. This means they take a problem and figure out how they can make it easier and more accesible. This is important because it makes our daily processes more intuitive and efficient, leading to higher productivity in all areas of life, whether it be professional or personal. My work on this type of project can help a company immensely, by providing a solution to their problem and giving them a way to make their database more accesible and usuable. Instead of having to manually perform CRUD commands in the database through a terminal, they can now do it with the click of a button from a user-friendly dashboard that connects through their browser.
